I'm tired I'm done listening to you in
general
all right you realize that wasn't my
fault at all I called go forward with
your class I call that we help them now
we had to do the regular strata more
than it was part of the yelling thing no
it's not his part it's not and I'm gonna
kill you could have stayed alive
Adam got what do you mean Adam only got
the kill because I weakened him I put
him in a one-shot I'm killing with the
bullet oh yeah but I did something your
your dude you're so stupid
you guys I selected him to plant a bomb
I what I got to kill it would have been
a 43 we could have pushed him out
I needed help in the first place why was
nobody there with me when I called the
regular strat you're literally blamed
wai-man you need help you back up and
you give it and put him back up your
number was in a corner where I usually
go when I rely on my teammate to watch
my left side is for money we're like
shut up I was by myself and I knew they
were on the Bob all right now it shot
the gun I shot know they were pre-and me
I shot the guy on the bomb he I got him
weak I almost killed him and I traded we
traded essentially if my teammate was
there I wonder have b-bomb down is not
helping my students do they have no
matter what up shut up and shut up I'm
not hearing you anymore dude you do
realize this Marcus was there I would
have told him the peak the bomb he would
had a free kill you're a philosopher did
you 12th place mine gave me p3 shut up
all right well that's fine though I can
play without me cuz I'm not playing
anymore okay and that's fine by me I
don't care about your fucking show bro I
got atom you them out I'm not hearing
the voice it means you're annoying
immature the most stubborn player I've
ever played with
dude what have you said the biggest
crybaby dude I don't care dude that's
fine but I'm tired of it yeah should
stupid yeah don't worry about it
he keeps yelling I'm not muting him
you used to relax and play the game
that's all egregious Mew had you dude
is he dumb yelling fuck